feat: Add `watch` changes (#314)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/instance-methods.md

- **Usage:**

>   Watch a string expression or a computed function on the Vue instance for changes. The callback gets called with the new value and the old value. The string expression only accepts top-level data and component property names. For more complex expressions, use a function instead.

Reviewer: I believe by "expression", they mean via function:`this.$watch(() => this.c.d, ...)`

And by "computed function on the Vue instance", they mean watch a computed property on the Vue instance via property name (string).

Author: It sounds like that, but it is conflicting with `The expression only accepts dot-delimited paths`. I belive the suggestions below makes everything clearer.

Author: It should be clearer with the latest changes, thanks for the explanation. 👍

>   Watch a string expression or a computed function on the Vue instance for changes. The callback gets called with the new value and the old value. The string expression only accepts top-level data and component property names. For more complex expressions, use a function instead.

Reviewer 2: Let's rephrase it a bit to make an explanation less vague:

```suggestion
  Watch a reactive property or a computed function on the Vue instance for changes. The callback gets called with the new value and the old value for the given property. We can only pass top-level `data`, `prop`, or `computed` property name as a string. For more complex expressions or nested properties, use a function instead.
```

        // do something
      })

>       // function for watching a deep path

Reviewer 2: **suggestion**: let's replace `deep path` with `nested property` to reduce the ambiguity with `deep` parameter
```suggestion
      // function for watching a single nested property
```

      this.$watch(

>         // Only `this.c.d` will be watched

Reviewer 2: **nitpick**: I believe with the change of code comment above, we could simply remove this explanation

Author: 👍 I removed the redundant comments.
